Updated FAQ article (#3823)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Frequently-Asked-Questions/index.md

### What versions of .NET does Cloud support?

> Umbraco Cloud currently runs all projects on .NET 4.5 by default and supports up to 4.5.2, v8 projects runs on 4.7.2, and v9 projects runs on .NET 5.0..

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to say Umbraco 9 instead of V9 just to be clear about what version we are using :-)

> Umbraco Cloud currently runs all projects on .NET 4.5 by default and supports up to 4.5.2, v8 projects runs on 4.7.2, and Umbraco 9 projects run on .NET 5.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Umbraco Cloud currently runs all Umbraco version 8 projects on .NET 4.8 by default and Umbraco 9 projects run on .NET 5.0.
```

### Does Umbraco Cloud support http/2?

> On the server, IIS 10.0 running on Windows 10 or Windows Server 2016 supports HTTP/2. Umbraco runs on Azure Web Apps which provides support for the HTTP/2 protocol for all applications hosted on the Azure App Service.

Reviewer 2: We support http/2 using Cloudflare, this is an implementation detail though. I'd just say we support HTTP/2 by default.
